relationships_and_food.txt mom human
relationships_and_food.txt dad human
relationships_and_food.txt mom parent
relationships_and_food.txt dad parent
relationships_and_food.txt son child
relationships_and_food.txt daughter child
relationships_and_food.txt son human
relationships_and_food.txt daughter human
relationships_and_food.txt mom cake
relationships_and_food.txt daughter cake
relationships_and_food.txt son sausage
relationships_and_food.txt dad sausage
relationships_and_food.txt cake food
relationships_and_food.txt sausage food
relationships_and_food.txt mom human now
relationships_and_food.txt dad human now
relationships_and_food.txt mom parent now
relationships_and_food.txt dad parent now
relationships_and_food.txt son child now
relationships_and_food.txt daughter child now
relationships_and_food.txt son human now
relationships_and_food.txt daughter human now
relationships_and_food.txt mom cake now
relationships_and_food.txt daughter cake now
relationships_and_food.txt son sausage now
relationships_and_food.txt dad sausage now
relationships_and_food.txt cake food now
relationships_and_food.txt sausage food now
relationships_and_food.txt mom daughter before
relationships_and_food.txt dad son before
relationships_and_food.txt mom parent before
relationships_and_food.txt dad parent before
relationships_and_food.txt mom cake before
relationships_and_food.txt dad sausage before
relationships_and_food.txt cake food before
relationships_and_food.txt sausage food before
professions.txt mom board of directors
professions.txt dad board of directors
professions.txt son board of directors
professions.txt daughter board of directors
professions.txt mom chalk
professions.txt dad chalk
professions.txt son chalk
professions.txt daughter chalk
tools_and_possession.txt mom hammer
tools_and_possession.txt mom saw
tools_and_possession.txt dad hammer
tools_and_possession.txt dad saw
tools_and_possession.txt mom telescope
tools_and_possession.txt mom binoculars
tools_and_possession.txt dad telescope
tools_and_possession.txt dad binoculars
tools_and_possession.txt saw tool
tools_and_possession.txt hammer tool
tools_and_possession.txt binoculars tool
tools_and_possession.txt telescope tool
tools_and_possession.txt saw is
tools_and_possession.txt hammer is
tools_and_possession.txt binoculars are
tools_and_possession.txt telescope is